Two bitches are still alive
Watch me kill you
Ah, lobster.
Ruolan
I didn't choose you before
It's because your martial arts are more embarrassing than Tang's and see the master
And say such things
Lu Xiao, I will always believe in you
Senior sister
I see him like this
I guess the jade pendant is not on him either.
Let's go find Yupei
You stall him
If Lu Xiao wants to hit him, don't worry.
Lu Xiao is the First Marshal of Dragon City
The young master of the first family in Dragon City
Let's go and find the jade pendant.
A Young Marshal dares to stop me
I am the strength of a general in Dragon City
Impossible to be so strong
It has been hidden
Yes, but it's too late now